Stare grafiki KPW (#2012)
tpwres/teczki-polskiego-wrestlingu: content/e/kpw/2017-11-18-kpw-arena-8.md

city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
+++

Droga Bez Powrotu (_The Road of No Return_) was the eight Arena show, and the first one (although second after [Godzina Zero 2017](@/e/kpw/2017-08-12-kpw-godzina-zero-2017.md) to be held at the [Gdynia Sports Center](@/v/gdynskie-centrum-sportu.md).

> [Bianca](@/w/bianca.md) was set to face [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md) in KPW's first Intergender Match, however the fight had to be cancelled due to a decrease in Bianca's health.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Bianca](@/w/bianca.md) was set to face [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md) in KPW's first Intergender Match, however the fight had to be cancelled due to Bianca's health issues.
```
